Setup initial plugin functionality (#2)
graasp/graasp-plugin-subscriptions: README.md

> # graasp-template-backend

Reviewer: Change name.

Reviewer: And do you think you could write some documentation/instructions about stripe here?

# graasp-plugin-subscriptions

This plugin enables users to subscribe to different plans according to their needs.

> It uses `Stripe` to handle cards, payments and subscriptions. The maximum of the data should be processed on the backend and only the necessary data should be sent to `Stripe`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses `Stripe` to handle cards, payments and subscriptions. Only the necessary data should be sent to `Stripe` (ie. emails), and we store most of the data in our databases (ie. storage available).
```

This plugin allows the user to perform the following action:

- Be subscribed to the default plan automatically
- Add a new card to their account
- Subscribe to a different plan
- Get all plans or their current plan
- Change the default card

## Stripe

> Currently, this plugins needs to have `Stripe` configured. The following resources needs to be created :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, this plugins needs to have `Stripe` configured. The following resources need to be created :
```

- **Products:** products represents the plan (free, standard, premium) 
- **Metadata:** metadata allow to rank and filter (group, individual) the products
- **Prices:** prices are linked to a product, every products must have the same currencies 

The minimal information for a product are the following (more information could be moved to `Graasp` database):

```json
  {
    "id": "prod_xxx",
    "name": "Free plan",
    "description": "2GB of storage",
    "metadata": [
      { "type": "INDIVIDUAL_PLAN" },
      { "level": 0 }
    ],
  }
```

> Currently, the prices are using a monthly interval. All products should have the same currencies as a customer can only pay in one currency. The price of a product should contain the follwing informations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the products have monthly prices. All products should have the same currencies as a customer can only pay in one currency. The price of a product should contain the following informations:
```

```json
{
  "collection_method": "charge_automatically | send_invoice",
  "customer": "cus_xxx",
  "default_payment_method": "pm_xxx",
  "items": [
    { "id": "sub_xxx", "price": "price_xxx" }
  ]
}
```

## Plans

Plans are stored on `Graasp` database, they allow the backend to easily access the plan data. For example, the upload limiter can easily access the `storage` value to ensure a user isn't breaking their quota. Currently the `plan` table contains the following columns:

| Column Name | Type   | Description
| ----------- | -------| -----------
| id          | UUIDv4 | Unique identifier of the plan in the `Graasp` database 
| plan_id     | string | Identifier in the `Stripe` database, can be set to anything for a custom plan (eg. unlimited) 
| storage     | bigint | Allowed storage for this plan in GB, caller needs to do the conversion if necessary

## Subscriptions

Subscriptions are filling the following roles:

- Link a `Graasp` user to the default plan when created
- Link a `Graasp` user with their current plan
- Link a `Graasp` user with their corresponding `Stripe` customer

> - Link a `Graasp` user with their corresponding `Stripe` subscriptions

Reviewer: subscription without s I think? They can't have multiple subscriptions, right?
